fishing game specs:
items to have: 
1. Bait: this will be infinite worms, and using things u collect from fishing as bait for higher chances
2. fish to collect
3. fishing rod (new ones can be bought with more money which giver higher chances for specific fish?)
4. money (sell fish to get money. can be used to upgrade ur fishing rod and buy bait)

how the bait system works:
worms are used which have normal chances
specific baits give higher chance for specific fish

fishing rod upgrades:
first is the basic fishing rod. nothing special
second upgrade: can go deeper?
3rd upgrade even deeper

the sea:
3 levels to it: the normal leve, mid depth and super deep. each layer has its own fishes with its own rarity. 
with higher upgrade fishing rods u can choose how deep u wanna go

actions the player can use:
1. open inventory: this shows the money they have, the baits, the fish and the rod they have equipped
2. shop: this lets the player buy stuff or sell fish
3. go fishing: lets u go fishing
4. craft: lets u make baits 
5. quit the game

rarity will determine how rare it is to get, but wont have a set price. so while rarer is more expensive,
different rare fish will have different prices

Properties of the fish class:
should have a name, the rarity, the price. there should be a craftable property too. this lets them be turned into bait. certain fish will have certain yield. also has the depth here

Properties of fisher class:
gotta have a name, an inventory section

Currently done:
classes have been made for all shallow level fish
created an inventory. 
created a fish inventory.
created a bait inventory
created fishing system that adds to the fish inventory count regardless of it theres any fish in there or nothing
created rod system that determines what depth the player is allowed to choose
crafting function has been made- checks fish inventory and takes away from it, whilst also adding to the bait inventory

to do:
implement the shop function to buy and sell stuff - done
implement the quit function -done but needs fixing
program the other depth fishes - done
implement how the bait interacts with multipliers (maybe have the multipliers affect fishes of certain rarities)
fish rod multiplier will only apply to rares and above and needs to be added
create game loop - done
create start options -done
verify user inputs 
implement a check inventory -done
implement a cancel feature to go back in select item -done
add better text replies
test the shop sell and buy unctions properly
error after selling a fish in accessing the inventory
